doc: nrf: app_dev: nrf54h20: Global reset (#19608)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_architecture_reset.rst

   * - ``RESET_VIA_SECDOM``
     - Uses the CTRL-AP mailbox to send a local domain reset request to the Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW).

       This command resets the entire system while keeping both the application core and the radio core in a halted state.

       You can start each core individually using the following commands:

       * To start the Application core: ``nrfutil device go --core Application``
       * To start the Network core: ``nrfutil device go --core Network``

>        This approach is particularly useful for debugging individual domains starting from their reset handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       This approach is particularly useful for debugging individual domains, starting from their reset handlers.

```

   * - ``RESET_VIA_SECDOM``
     - Uses the CTRL-AP mailbox to send a local domain reset request to the Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW).

>        This resets the whole system, but keeps the application and radio core halted.
>        They can be started individually with ``nrfutil device go --core Network`` and ``nrfutil device go --core Application``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       This command resets the entire system while keeping both the application core and the radio core in a halted state.

       You can start each core individually using the following commands:

       * To start the Application core: ``nrfutil device go --core Application``
       * To start the Network core: ``nrfutil device go --core Network``
```

>        This is particularly useful for debugging individual domains from their reset handlers onward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       This approach is particularly useful for debugging individual domains starting from their reset handlers.
       
```
